Task Pages on 🤗 Hub (#509)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: tasks/src/token-classification/about.md

## Use Case: Information Extraction from Invoices

> You can extract important entities from invoices automatically, using Named Entity Recognition models. Invoices can be read with Optical Character Recognition models, and the output of this can be inferred with Named Entity Recognition models. This way, important information, such as date, company name and other named entities can be extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extract important entities from invoices automatically using Named Entity Recognition models. Invoices can be read with Optical Character Recognition models, and the output of this can be used to do inference with Named Entity Recognition models. This way, important information, such as date, company name and other named entities can be extracted.
```

#### Inference 
You can use “ner” pipeline to infer with Named Entity Recognition models. If you don’t provide any model name, the pipeline will be initialized with the BERT fine-tuned on ConLL03, “dbmdz/bert-large-cased-finetuned-conll03-english”
```python
from transformers import pipeline

classifier = pipeline("ner")
classifier("Hello I'm Omar and I live in Zürich.")
```

### Part-of-Speech Tagging
Part-of-Speech tagging is to recognize parts of speech in a given text. The task is formulated as labelling the words for a particular part of a speech, such as noun, pronoun, adjective, verb and so on. 

#### Inference
As of now, there’s no default model or specific pipeline for POS tagging so you can use “token-classification” pipeline with a POS tagging model of your choice. The model will return a json with part-of-speech tags for each token.
```python
from transformers import pipeline

classifier = pipeline("token-classification", model = "vblagoje/bert-english-uncased-finetuned-pos")
classifier("Hello I'm Omar and I live in Zürich.")
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we could also show how to do this with spaCy and also have https://huggingface.co/blog/spacy in the resources

For example:
``` 
!pip install https://huggingface.co/spacy/en_core_web_sm/resolve/main/en_core_web_sm-any-py3-none-any.whl

# Importing as module.
import en_core_web_sm
nlp = en_core_web_sm.load()
```

WDYT?
